The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and my show from the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your millis brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweetest, sweetest baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Uh, and today we're celebrating the discovery of a new mammalian.
The launch. Can we call it that today is the much anticipated release.
You've seen the trailers and today we are finally ready to launch.
This is the street date. This is the mammal street date.
A lot of people have been asking, what's this mammal gonna do for me?
Is he going to produce lots of sweet, sweet, low-cal, gluten-free milk
that I can, that I can buy at the Whole Foods? Maybe. We haven't drank this bitch's milk yet.
Will he be Bluetooth compatible?
So, uh, before the program, we were discussing different topics that we could discuss in this
opening segment, uh, and I said there was a new mammal in the mix. Griffin had heard about it.
Travis hadn't, at which point he insisted he didn't want to hear about it because he wanted
to guess. Now, just to be clear, there's an undiscovered species of animal, unknown to
humanity, and Travis is going- Travis should, Travis should be like, uh, an epidemiologist
or something. Like, Travis, cancer can, can spit some fire at us. Just, let's just,
I'm going to start you with cancer and let's just see what you got. Uh, let me guess.
Have you tried- Let me, okay, hold on. All that aside. Have you tried? I need one,
I just need one bit of information. Okay. Where was it discovered?
It was discovered in Ecuador or Colombia. I think- Uh, let me mention real quick before
we say anything else. This is a rare evening recording, uh, and at least two-thirds of the
podcast have been rigging, so it's going to be a good one, but just for some context there.
Oh, that was, that was one of us just blew into our breathalyzer, and that was like,
don't drive. That's the chime that stands for funny. Keys, please hand them to me. Record.
You're not good to go. I am going to say a barefooted monkey. You're not,
you're not so far off, although I guess you are super far off because we did,
we lowered the phylum down to mammal. No, but I'm just, I'm going to say when I say barefooted,
not like it's not wearing shoes. I mean like it's a monkey with like B-E-A-R feet.
Did you get that spelling right? Yeah, with bear-like feet.
Uh, what we got is the Olinguito. It is a raccoon with the face of a teddy bear.
All right. First of all, first of all, we've been, we've been getting sold a fucking false
bill of goods all day by the science, by the Christian science monitor that's like,
oh, look at this adorable thing. I don't want to, I don't want to throw shade at this new mammal,
but I'm not really feeling it. Like it's not fair. It's not all that cute. And look at those
fucking claws. I think I'm like so into the Olinguito right now. Travis, let me know what
you think. Cause I think it's, uh, fully. Oh Jesus. Oh Christ. You're scared? Sounds like
Travis on my side. Look at his eyeballs. Are you kidding me? That's not the face of a teddy. That's
the face of the devil. It's the face of a teddy bear that wants to kill you. Yeah,
it's the face of a teddy bear that goes, I'll leave me alone with the kids. Like in my unproduced
sequel, the child's play cubbies play where a teddy bear comes to life. I hate to be disparaging
against any, any mammal, especially one that like a mammal really needs a few months on the market
for people to like really put the, put the wheels to the road, really test this animal out. But I
think this Olinguito has got a butter face. It does. Could they not have picked one picture where
he wasn't staring dead eyed into the camera? It does make you wonder how we missed it for so long.
He is literally looking directly at the camera and we have two pictures. How'd that happen?
They said it was hiding in plain sight and you know what? Science, what are we fucking paying
you guys for? Somebody opened like their bread cabinet and it was like, oh shit. Honey, did you
remember to feed the Olinguito today? Uh, no, let me just, have we fucking filed this dude yet?
Honey, did we put him in the encyclopedia yet? In, in the, in the scientist's defense,
every time you walk past an Olinguito, it says, I'm an eagle. That does. Uh, anyway,
we have lots of people to help and I don't think you're saying the animal's name,
but you make it sound like a delicious Italian pasta dish. Olinguito, it's Spanish. It's it's
cause it's derived from, it's a, it's a smaller version of, uh, of John Leguizamo. What?
Someone is playing, someone's playing guess who with this podcast. And with that,
they just figured out who's drunk. It's a small version of an Olingo. So an Olinguito,
cause Olinguito is the Spanish. Anyway, let's help people. That's why Judge Lansito means the
small judge. Little Lance. Hello. I would watch a cartoon show called Little Judge Lansito.
Hey, it's my buddy, Kaytito. Anyway, I don't know how to seal the deal on the dance floor,
whether or not I'm a terrible dancer is up for debate, but I have a good time when I'm out on
the dance floor by myself or with a buddy. The problem is when I catch a girl's attention and
begin dancing with her, I lose my momentum. Where am I supposed to look while I dance with her?
Do I strike up a conversation? Should I ask her if she wants a drink? I just can't seal the deal.
And after one song, they all leave. It's from Gmail. I can, I can answer one of those questions
real quick and easy. Do not strike up a conversation. No, no. Even if you're the best,
if you're Sabian Glover out on that dance floor, you can't be like, Hey, sup, just stick to the
dancing. I think you from around here. You love this job. That's like the international language
of love is, you know, the salsa. Also don't start singing along and stand in place. Cause I did that
for way too many middle school dances and it does not pay off. Oh my God. That's where like,
I'm realizing that I just realized I don't know how to dance. And so I'm just going to kind of
groove. I'm on this floor. What else can I do to music? I know I'm already wearing my show choir
sequin vest. I wore my show choir sequin vest to homecoming cause it's the most formal piece of
apparel I own. Now, no, I never did that in high school, but in middle school I was, uh, yes, uh,
I was a, uh, what's the opposite of a smooth criminal. I was a, I was a, you're a wet bandit.
I was a wet bandit on the dance floor. I don't think, I think that's, I think that's just a
middle school. I think that's the opposite of a smooth criminal as a middle schooler. I don't
think I was a middle schooler out there. You guys, nobody had play. I think do you know that,
um, Michael, they just, uh, discovered that Michael Jackson had a patent on special shoes
with a, uh, a small hook in them that he would hook onto pegs, uh, extending up from the dance
floor that he would use to do his patented smooth criminal lean. He has a patent, literally his
patented smooth criminal lean. He has a patent on it. There's a patent to Mr. Michael Jackson.
I want to lean out. I have this way of leaning. Sure. Hand me my stamp doing Ben Franklin Proud.
The problem is, is after that, anytime anyone leans, they owe Michael Jackson $20.
Hey, what are you reading? Careful. Fuck. I'll hand you the book and you can see.
You just don't bend over. Uh, I, I think a good thing to do is to look at the person,
but maybe not in their eyes, but not at their, their body, necessarily any features of their
body. Look at their left ear. Just sort of like you're appreciating their dancing. Like you're
nodding like, yeah, that's, these are good dances. Maybe look at their hair with like a slightly
disgusted look on your face. No, don't do that. Like look like a nod, like you are dancing.
Cause I think that's all anybody really wants is they want to know that they're dancing.
And then when the song finishes, that's when you capitalize and say like,
Hey, do you want a drink or something? Like you don't do it mid song.
Unless it's the fucking, that's the problem with a great DJ is cause if he keeps dropping jams,
I'll be out there all night. What if every song he plays, I raised my hands to the ceiling. I'm
like, this is my jam. Listen, if he's a good DJ, he'll throw a clunker in there every four songs
so someone can get some. And then he sees a love connection, connection happening. He's like,
I'm going to toss on a long play track. I'm going to toss on the Decemberist five
part C shanty ballad, the Tain, which lasts for 19 minutes. These kids are gonna love this shit.
And they're going to be out there long enough to like find out everything about each other.
Daniel, did you fire that DJ? No. What do you do this time? You're not going to believe it.
He played the Tain. Oh man. Did he cut out the verse with the creepy little woman singing?
Now I left that verse in four and a half minutes, four and a half minutes about cholera. Shit.
I love the accordion solo. Did you really? Yeah. I really got the people fucking going.
He just lifts up one cup of his earphones. I can't stop it. It's a cycle. It's a song cycle.
If I stop it at part four, you're not going to get to the part where the sailor redeems himself.
And you'll feel empty inside all night. Do you want that?
You're not going to get it. If you're at a club, you're feeling
empty inside all night anyway. A lot of times people are just there to dance. You got to
remember that. And I think that that's a sacred exchange. You're going to have to know from the
dancing. I think don't you think you get a good idea from the dancing what the opposite party is
there to do? I don't think of it. It's like a matchmaking thing. I think of it like every time
people dance at a wedding or at a club, they are doing it so that they can go home confident in
the fact that they just dance. I completely agree. I think that I think that you should walk away,
just be like, hey, I dance with a stranger. That's a huge win. That's what I think you're actually.
I think some of the hangup that you might be having is you're the question you've got in
your mind is how do I transition this dance into like a relationship? And maybe you should just
transition it into a dance, like another dance. Well, that's kind of why twerking was invented,
wasn't it? Cause it kind of cuts out all the confusion. It cuts out the middleman.
Guys, hold on one second.
Travis has to go twerk. He has this tick where he can't hear the word twerk.
If I don't twerk on every doorknob in this house, the devil's going to come in.
Sorry, go on.
How, what are you? Are you okay?
Yeah. I just had to kill like the fucking biggest bug that was running across my.
Yeah, yeah, sure. Did you kill him with your butt in like a rhythmic up and down manner?
Did you put on some Miley Cyrus's new songs and then just like go to town on that bug?
I did. Okay. And then we parted as friends and another word was not said between us.
Yeah. Focus on the dancing rather than the relationship building. I think you're going
to have a much better time. If something's going to happen, it'll happen, but maybe just
focus on the dance. Just have fun. Just don't worry about relationship.
I'm going to put some whiskey in this, I think.
How about a Yahoo?
Yes. Oh no, that was awful.
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by Megan. Thank you, Megan. It's by Jack S. who asks,
I'm finally rich. Now what?
I've spent all this time working 80 hour work weeks. Is that fucking possible?
Yeah. Yeah, dog. Trust me. It is.
It is. Sydney works those sometimes too. Used to when she was an intern, not so much anymore.
I just want to hear from her folks, I work as hard as a doctor.
I think Justin quote, Travis works as hard as a doctor.
I've spent all this time working 80 hour work weeks,
dealing with coworkers and bosses I despise. And now I finally made my personal goal.
What the heck do I do now? I'm already set to tell my boss off, but what comes after?
I have no friends. I wanted a relationship, but they never understood that I wanted to
get work out of the way while I was still young and physically able to enjoy life.
Now I'm alone and I don't know what I want. I'm not a mean guy. I've just
found it hard to be in social situations. What do people usually want?
I've never done a lot of things, never even played a video game. Any suggestions?
And how can I get back to dating through new friends? The idea of speed dating terrifies
me bt dubs. So none of that, please. Coming soon from Bradley Cooper.
Hi, I'm Bradley Cooper. This sounds like such a setup for a movie of like,
he worked so hard. He had no time for a family. I'm rich. This is like 8,000 movies.
I'm rich and super humble and I have a very good face. What's up? What do I do now?
My penis is super great. I've heard lots of great things about my super great penis.
I have a Jay Leno-esque amount of cars. What to do? Got a totally open cow.
Got a private plane. Stumpers. Can I get one of those books from the library that's like
30 things to do on a rainy day? Can't open a lemonade stand.
Tricky, tricky. I already got lemonade out of the way.
I already did lemonade. That's how I started. That's how I got rich. I invented lemonade.
Nothing left to do but drown myself, I guess.
If it weren't for the fact that I've been robbing the world with this cool penis, I'd do it.
Stupid, buoyant penis.
It floats to the top of the lake like one of those keychains you put on your-
On like keys?
That floats.
Great metaphor.
What's this fucking guy gonna do?
Maybe play a video game.
It sounds like he's got a very specific goal in life.
Listen, sir. Sir, hi, it's me, Justin, here.
If you want to get back in the dating scene, I have a great step one for you.
Don't get into video games because those two, that's not a path to one.
The path of one is not a path to the other.
These are two very different paths you're staring down the barrel of.
I do, however, I really like the philosophy that he's looking at the world and I got work
out of the way and I didn't know you could do that.
I did the work thing.
I didn't know you could compress it all.
Like instead of working like 30 years of 40 hour weeks, you can just do like 10 of 80.
It's the fucking Minkus career plan, isn't it?
Or it's like you graduate high school by the time you're 10 and it's like now I can just
fucking lamp for five years until it's time for freshman year, travel to Europe, see some shit,
go to Antigua.
And I think traveling is the only thing you can do or maybe be a private eye.
Or maybe travel the world using your great riches to like solve crimes.
I feel like that'd be pretty rewarding.
Or ooh, Thomas crown it.
What's that mean?
So rich, so rich, needs a thrill.
Yeah, he doesn't feel anything anymore unless he has sex with Renee Russo.
Yeah, I don't want to pay for like, you have to be so, I don't think this guy is like Bruce
Wayne wealthy.
I think he just doesn't have to sweat the money.
No, no, no.
Yeah, I think he's probably got-
He's rich enough that he has work out of the way.
Right, but if you live a conservative self-sustaining lifestyle, you can knock that out in like 250
large.
He has basically skipped to being an 80 year old man.
Yeah.
If someone comes to sell in magazines, he's going to tell him he's on a fixed budget.
I mean, that's the life that this guy has painted for himself.
I mean, you work 80 hours at Arby's long enough.
You will have amassed a surprising amount of wealth in beef.
They're not going to pay overtime at Arby's.
They're not going to let anybody work-
No, there's no way they're going to get approval.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
They got to reach out to Mr. Arby and be like, hey, can we work Timmy longer?
No.
I really don't know what you would do.
I mean, you got the-
Swim in it.
Thing out of the way.
I would probably read a lot or say I'm going to read a lot and probably play video games.
Swimming in it is like, there's nothing grosser you could fill a pool with.
I'll go ahead and say, if it was human excrement, you would at least know who it had been processed
by.
You would at least know the source.
Money is like a hundred different people's germs.
I'm going to jump back to say that you think poop is better when you know who it comes from.
That's never been a consolation to me.
Oh, this is Steve's?
Steve's poop?
No problem.
That guy eats right.
He seems clean.
He eats a lot of kale.
I see what he eats.
He's treating himself good.
All right.
This is either, this question is either a perfectly concentrated story of how wealth is meaningless
and how true happiness is found in love and from everyone else, or it's a story about
how wealth is the only important thing and then once you get that, everything else is
pretty much bullshit.
May I also throw this out?
Is it possible that this is written by like a 24 year old kid who has like $30,000 in
the bank?
That's a fucking shit.
How old is the kid?
He's like 24.
That's, you may as well have just said he has infinity dollars in his super bank.
That's what I'm saying.
And he goes, I'm rich.
He fucking is in this economy.
Think of how many peabers that could buy him.
Here's the reason I think that.
It's from the context clues of saying that he's ready to like tell off his boss.
Yeah.
Like no 40 year old responsible man with 250 mil in the bank is like, fuck my boss.
I'm gonna tell JP Wentworth where to stick it.
I got your cat instruction, cat settlement right here.
When I was in my mid twenties, I got my first full time job at the, I mean it was my first
full time job.
It was my first salaried position at the Ironson Tribune.
My starting salary was $19,000 and I remember looking at that number thinking, how am I
going to spend $19,000?
And you realize that it was the answer to that question was you will spend it as if
your life depends on it.
Right.
Because it very, very, very much does.
You will spend it instantly is the answer.
Right.
Right, we have a very special guest question from a celebrity guest question, which we
do.
Well, never.
We did it pretty regularly, basically from a friend of the show.
I guess Jeff Kanata, he had to have that, I guess, huh?
Well, I mean, I guess he's a friend of the show.
I mean, now he's a friend of the show.
Certainly our friend, my dear friend and soon to be yours, I'm sure Jeff Kanata, formerly
of Totally Right Show, soon to be of newest, latest, best, his upcoming program that I
think everybody's looking forward to.
And he's got a question for us and I want to share it with you right now.
Hello, Justin, Travis and Griffin.
I come to you because I love your show.
I value your advice and because Justin generously contributed cash money to my Kickstarter
campaign.
Let's be honest, it's mostly that third one.
But I come to you at a giant crossroads in my life for some major, major advice.
As you may know, I love loving things.
I love loving love.
I love love and I love women, but there is one particular woman I am in love with.
And I want to ask her to marry me.
Luckily, she doesn't listen to the internets.
She's not aware of it having audio yet.
So don't tell her, but tell me how should I do it as guys in various states of married
and unmarried status?
How should I do it?
How should I do it, what will guarantee her having said yes and my eventual happiness
and marital bliss?
I look forward to hearing your question.
I'll take it off the air.
Long time listener, first time caller.
Jeff, it's a fine question.
It's one we've all dealt with.
By we all, I mean the three of us.
No, I think everybody at some point in their life has proposed some.
And the answer, Jeff, is as big and showy and flashy as possible.
Go on YouTube and search wedding proposal, must see, like, like, share, subscribe with
friends and then see which one has the most hits and then try and recreate it.
Now, I know you're wondering, how am I going to get 50 people into Disney World on a budget?
And the answer is smuggling.
You've got to track down the guy in the Jeremy the Jackal suit, which is everyone's favorite
Disney character, and then use him.
He was the bully in the Goofy movie, you guys.
Yeah.
He's in Bedknobs and Roof Sticks too, he's still novel.
You get him and you get, it's going to cost you quite a few Disney pesos, which are only
usable in Epcot.
And you're going to get 50 people in there, you're going to do a little, what they call
a flash mob.
Pick a Bruno Mars song at random.
Pick any, but throw a dart at a Bruno Mars CD.
Now throw that CD away and get a working one because you fucked that one up.
Throw a dart at Bruno Mars and call your lawyer.
If you hit him, it's six more weeks of winter.
There's got to be a better, we have to develop some sort of meteorological technology.
Just let Bruno Mars make his mediocre music.
Hey, fuck off.
Who the fuck are you?
Highly danceable.
That is Ted danceable.
That's not a thing.
Ted danceable?
Yeah, everyone says that.
Don't do any of the things that we've said so far for the past three and a half years.
You, honestly, I don't think there's a person alive that wants, that has ever received a
proposal and gone like, that wasn't, there weren't nearly enough people watching.
It's got to be intimate, right?
It's got to be like, it's got to be like, I don't know, 15, 20 people tops watching you.
So you got to charge, you got to charge for admission and really capitalize on this.
A lot of that depends though on how likely you think she is to say yes.
Because if you're the man or woman in your life, you're going to propose to them,
and you are worried that maybe they may be hesitant.
If you put them on blast like that with 30 to 40 people,
then I think that they're not going to, and there's social pressure at that point.
Yeah.
Ooh, ooh, wait till you have a big public fight and then pull out the ring.
Why?
Because it's really going to cancel out all of like the fight that just happened.
You're saying wait for like, wait till you fuck up.
Yeah.
Like really bad.
And like get into it and just express all your anger in the situation.
But then boom, engagement ring, right?
Because then it's like all that time that just happened before that didn't happen,
didn't exist because it's wedding time.
God, women are so fucking dumb.
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
No, hey, hey, hey, shut up.
I want to say that women could pull that move on a dude too.
Look at this.
I want to say women and men both get proposed to.
It's 2013 and I'm saying people getting proposed to are dumb, not women.
I'm judging all of humanity, Griffin.
I hate everyone.
There is just like a three in a row chain of us putting each other up last.
There's just like, hey, that thing you said was insensitive and then pointing that out,
I'm going to say a somewhat insensitive thing like, oh shit.
Insensitive, insensitivity oraburus.
This is an insensitive snake eating its own tail.
Jeff, privacy of your own home.
Just think about it's got to, when I was going to propose to Rachel and I was trying to think
of the way to do it for a while, my fucking plan, she was out of town and I was going to do it
the night she got back from her business trip.
And she got back, when she got back, I was going to pick her up in the airport in a limo
and then like do it there.
And it's going to be romantic with champagne.
We're going to play her favorite Bruno Mars song on the CD player.
And Bruno Mars would be driving.
The limo driver would actually be that great guy who drives the limo in How I Met Her Mother.
And it was going to be perfect.
And then I remembered like, I've never been in a fucking limo in my whole goddamn life.
And I don't want like some stranger that I paid to be there like,
like getting his jimmies off in the front seat while I profess my eternal love.
You know what I mean?
Did you say getting his jiggies off?
Getting his Jigglypuffs off in the front seat while I'm doing my stuff.
No, I agree.
And the point Griffin's trying to get to in a roundabout time-killing way.
Don't let your driver masturbate in the front seat.
Don't let anybody masturbate.
If there's someone masturbating at your proposal, you dumb fucked up somewhere.
Let me go back over the plan.
Pick her up in the limo.
Yeah, I did that.
Get her at the airport.
Let driver masturbate.
Write it down, number three.
Pay driver extra to masturbate.
Let me just scratch that off the list.
I think you actually need, you need to consider the person and what they want.
There's not a blanket answer we can give you.
Maybe they don't want to masturbate in the front seat.
It would mean a lot to Sydney to have friends and family around.
So I did it at New Year's when there was a bunch of people there.
Yeah, honestly with Teresa, like both of our schedules are so hectic,
but we just desperately wanted to be engaged.
So it was a very casual thing.
Like, hey, I got you flowers and I love you.
And let's do this wedding thing we've been talking about for four years.
And you can probably, I don't know who you are.
You could probably do better than let's do this wedding thing.
No, I got down on one knee and I did a whole thing.
But like, we're both wicked busy right now.
Let's just, let's just, I don't know about you, but let's take a wedding nap.
Listen, you're my sun and my moon or whatever.
What the shit ever.
And man, I don't know.
Let's do this wedding thing.
Fuck it.
You're the moon of my moon.
Son of my stars or something.
I don't know.
I don't watch Game of Thrones that closely, but you're something or whatever.
Marriage.
Let's do this.
Let's do this wedding thing.
Uh, let's do this fucking money thing and get paid.
I know you're especially afraid to say I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
Ring on a dildo.
A ring on a dildo, Travis.
That's exact.
You took the words clean out of my mouth.
Okay.
Hey diddle diddle, put a dildo in the middle.
There were like 10 words that I hated in the past minute.
Griffin may hate masturbation toys, but I am deep, deep into them.
You're like a sex flesh pussies broker.
Would you say that they're deep, deep into you?
You can get deep, deep into a firm pussy and ass masturbator.
That's not me being vulgar.
That's a product name.
That's trademark.
Copyright.
Trademark.
Firm pussy, firm pussy.
Extremershace.com is your home for all of this delicious, delicious sexual paraphernalia.
It doesn't matter if it looks like a creature from labyrinth, get it and fuck it.
Which one?
It doesn't matter if it looks like David Bowie, put your dick in it.
Now hold on, who's that?
You could probably get David Bowie's butthole as a sex toy, I bet.
You can get an exact replica of Sasha Gray's, and this is a direct quote from their website,
amazing pussy.
It looks like it's singing a Supreme song.
Oh, God.
Fuck, that was sucked.
That would be amazing pussy.
Every porn director in the world just shot up in bed like our career's done.
Our career's over.
Our whole industry is shot now.
Sexuality and sex should know what to do with it.
Children of men too.
You just blast it off an EMP for boners.
It would be an amazing pussy if it sang it.
Yeah, I'm not being credible.
That's some pig.
Feed me some more.
That's what it looks like.
You can feed it some dick and you can do it for 20% off using the code sexopon.
Knock 20% off your dick.
20% off your dick.
Are you going to keep your whole dick?
Go use sexabunga with your whole dick.
You know what?
I say that, but I haven't been over all the product descriptions.
I don't know.
That's not a guarantee that you keep your whole dick with extremerestraints.com, but
you can keep a little bit of that do-re-mi for yourself.
20%, in fact, using the coupon code sexabunga.
It's all waiting for you at extremerestraints.com.
20% is fucking crazy when you think about how much people are saving.
If you buy $500 worth of butt of those beads that you put in your butt, butt beads, that's
$400 you're paying.
That's a whole hundred dollars that you can spend on $100 more butt beads, which will
in turn get you like $118 extra dollars of butt beads.
You could just keep going on this.
It sounds like a pyramid scheme.
Well, no, eventually you're going to get diminishing returns.
Then it's like, Papa, I've got $0.15 worth of butt beads, butt beads, butt beads, $0.15
for a fraction of butt beads.
There's got to be something on this site I can fuck for a quarter.
Oh my god, there is.
There is.
Extremerestraints.com is a website.
They're like the best friends we have in this whole world.
Please be nice to them.
Don't scare them away.
It's the only friends we've got.
Hey, this is Erin and Brian from Throwing Shade, and we would love to throw some shade
on you this summer.
Every Tuesday, we inject all sorts of news stories concerning ladies and gays with silliness
and sexiness.
Just in time for bikini season.
Check us out on Max Fun under Throwing Shade.
Okay, they're not stupid.
I know, but yeah, they could be.
Why would you spell it out like that?
Because I was the spelling bee champion of the world.
Farm wisdom, farm wisdom.
Get your fork, it's not us pork.
Farm wisdom.
I would like Griffin to read the first one, please.
Here's the first one.
I grew up on a racehorse farm.
Oh, the most exciting life.
Welcome to the show, Paul Bearer.
The late Paul Bearer who joined us.
When a veterinarian castrates a racehorse, they throw the detached balls up on the roof
of the barn for good luck.
Pretty gross.
Jesse.
Thanks, Jesse.
And I fact checked that.
That's 100% true.
That's an old wives tale.
100%, fuck you.
There's no...
Doesn't horse sperm sell for like 100,000 on...
You castrate a racehorse if it's having behavioral problems.
And then you have to like tell me though, promise me that if you are going to do this
for behavioral problems, you definitely, definitely bring the horse out of the yard.
When you throw its balls on the roof.
Hey, come see this.
What?
How did this old wives tale...
This is what you get for playing in my yard.
Orb, come watch this.
See what's funny to eat my pocket.
Orb, come on.
How did this fucking witchcraft kiss...
I can't imagine there was just a super lazy veterinary, old timey...
You never heard balls on the roof fasten the hoof?
I'm imagining like an 18th century veterinarian.
Like, what do I...
Ah, fuck.
What do I do with these?
They're slippery.
Maybe in the heat of a passionate horse crime, they cut off a horse's balls unwillingly and
then had to dispose of the evidence.
Chinkle, chinkle, that is balls, what do you know?
Oh, fuck.
You got to tie them on the back of your truck so that they hang comically as though they're
the truck's testicles.
It's very comical.
Is that the implication?
I believe so.
I'm going to go back when I'm editing the podcast and find the minute mark where Travis
said he was going to start adding whiskey to his beverage and then time it out to now.
And then we'll know like the porousness of his liver.
What's the other farm wisdom?
Chickens play dead and fart through their mouths.
It's the best Smith's album.
I don't care what anybody says, it is the best.
I don't want to get gross, but if we're talking about like just physiological stuff, don't
human beings...
I have heard things come out of Travis's mouth that I'm like 100% certain was a fart.
Like, undoubtedly.
I know you have dyspepsia and it's a thing you struggle with every day, but I'm saying
that your shit's backwards.
Do you think chickens play dead because they wish they were dead?
Because they've been farting out their mouths?
Or do you think they play dead when someone's like, you smell that?
Can't be that dead chicken.
You know he's innocent.
Smells like a mouth fart.
Couldn't be that guy.
Oh, God, oh, God.
He looks like he's been dead for weeks.
Just go, go, go, go, go, go.
I don't want to, I don't want to do it.
It's going to taste so bad.
Oh, God.
I'm just going to pretend I'm dead.
I'd like to see a new version of Charlotte's Web.
Maybe the stage production where Charlotte's like, Wilbur, I have to make this, I have
to make this web.
Singing your praises so they keep you alive.
And then chuckles, the chicken comes on, he's like,
BLEH, BLEH, BLEH, KILL ME, BLEH, BLEH, BLEH, BLEH, BLEH, BLEH, BLEH, BLEH.
I was going to take this pig to the county fair, but I got a chicken.
The mouth farts the alphabet.
I mean, he's famous, but doesn't seem like much of a life.
Hey, I keep finding random sex toys in my yard.
I live on a busy street, and over the past year, my wife and I have found multiple simulated
penises of varying sizes and styles strewn throughout our yard, some making it as far
as our backyard, which is approximately 30 feet from the road.
Drew Brees is disposing of sex toys in your house.
Is this some new tradition that high schoolers are participating in, like finding porn in
the woods, or do I just live in a very kinky neighborhood that's from extremely restrained
interaction?
Do you know what it is?
It's the daily delivery from the Gaper Boy.
Arcade classic.
Arcade classic, Gaper Boy thrown in jail for breaking too many windows with giant tics.
I would just like to see you come out on your lawn and see another one.
You look up, and you just have that neighbor across the street sipping his coffee with
his open robe.
He's going, what's up?
What's up?
Check your backyard.
Some treats back there.
The worst Easter egg hunt ever.
He just keeps hoping one of them will find purchase in your soil.
Blossom.
He'll know.
Yeah, I mean, this sounds...
So we started with tee peeing, right?
And then tee peeing ended up being way too easy to clean up, so then teens started forking.
And then I guess that the sort of like physical toll that forking takes on you was no longer
enough, and so they have now just started putting dicks in the yard.
And it's not hard to pick a dick up and like throw it away or wash it off in the dishwasher,
and then put it in your secret drawer, in your vegetable taxes box.
But, you know, it takes a lot out of your mind when you don't know where it came from.
You know what I mean?
I'm a little confused.
Like, I don't get the implication of the prank.
Like, I put this on your yard.
Like, that's it?
Like, that's the...
Yeah, but then they have to touch it, right?
It's like a strange dick.
And they have to...
It's definitely a prank, though.
We didn't agree on that, because there's no way that this is just like,
I just live in a neighborhood where people are just throwing dildos everywhere.
Is it possible that this is the ninth long overdue biblical plague?
And it's only you.
And it's only happening to you.
It's very concentrated.
You're thinking about a Yahoo.
Sure.
This Yahoo was sent in by Julie Kin.
Thank you, Julie.
Julie's been sending us Yahoo's for a while.
This is her first time on the show.
But I think she works at like a military base, because each of her emails has the word
unclassified attached to it, as if we needed to know, like, this Yahoo about dildos
is not a top secret government secret.
I am not Snowden-ing right now.
Anyway, thank you, Julie.
It's by Yahoo.
Did someone mention schnorder?
Stop it.
It's by Yahoo.
Yahoo answers user AJ Foxweather, who asks,
All you can eat buffet.
Is it worth it?
I just want to dine at a place where you can have pizza and tacos and macaroni and cheese
and spaghetti in one sitting.
But I've never eaten at one of those restaurants before.
Is it worth the price to get in?
I also hear that these places are unsanitary and I don't want to get food sickness.
Thanks.
Ah, food sickness.
Is it worth it?
I think financially, yes.
If we're talking about fiscal, like, I don't think there's, I don't think it could be more
worth it.
Yeah, it's a great fiscal deal.
Right.
The restaurant you're looking at, let's just stop beating around the bush.
They're talking about Golden Corral.
Right, you're not getting all these things in any other place.
Yeah.
Golden Corral, whose original subtitle tagline was pizza and tacos and macaroni and cheese
and spaghetti and fuck it and fuck you.
It is going to be, I don't think that sanitation, I think when you're a chef, right, and you
specialize in raw oysters, you work very hard, or sushi or artisanal pizzas, you work really
hard to, like, keep a clean workstation and, like, get shit done.
When you have to crank out pizza, tacos, mac, cheese and spaghetti in one sitting,
sanitation becomes less of a concern for you.
Well, I think it's a good thing.
It's less of a concern for you.
Well, I think your answer to everything becomes, well, fuck it, they can eat something else.
Like, hey, your tacos are bad and they should eat the pizza.
But here, call me naive, but I would like to think that it has to be at least kind of
sanitary to remain open, or do you think just the authorities turn a blind eye because,
like, you go there.
Listen, they have so much.
Well, if you go there, you're asking for it.
I mean, let's be honest.
I think that Justin had a point wherein that the chefs sort of pick and choose what they
give the appropriate time and cleanliness to.
Like, you will go to the Golden Buffet and be like, let me get some of that roast rump.
And the carver will be like, no, no, keep going.
Because that carver is like a fucking honor guard.
I feel like the carver, I feel like that's where you're going to get your best quality
stuff because you can put a face to it.
If I eat something and it's bad, I go right back to that guy.
I'm like, listen, let's sort this out.
What's the scoop on the mac and cheese?
We call it the cheddar trough.
No, like, what's the story?
What's the story behind it?
You don't want it.
All of this was powder a few minutes ago.
We don't remember making any mac and cheese.
We're not sure what that word two minutes ago.
Yeah, this golden corral is severely haunted.
Um, man, that's a fucking cool.
I wish I knew that fucking ghost in college.
What's up, dudes?
Totally getting high, I see.
Let me scoop some of this.
Let me scoop some of this bodacious mac and cheese.
Yes, the noodles are in the shape of dinosaurs.
It's T-Rex-a-licious, my homies.
Now the only thing I require in exchange is your immortal soul.
Or give me a case that I can inhabit.
I think a lot of, I think it was golden corral.
There was some YouTube video that made the rounds
of this young man who was a whistle blower.
The Snowden of roast beef.
Did someone say Snowden of roast beef?
Who filmed a YouTube video of apparently golden,
this is his particular golden corral location.
I don't want to slander golden corral as a whole.
It's probably just confined to this one thing.
Although we all know that it wasn't.
He was pointing out how when they were getting
their inspections done, everything that was unseemly,
they hid back by the dumpsters, including like,
one of those food service racks filled with meat.
Just like chilling by the dumpster.
And he brought it back like, I don't think this is okay.
I'm making a difference in the world.
Like we know, like when we cross the threshold
of the golden corral, we know what we're getting into.
We don't need you to put a face to the beef parasites.
Listen, a ship in harbor is safe.
Right, right.
A steak in my, a steak in front of me is doing just fine.
A steak in the refrigerator is doing just fine.
A steak in the refrigerator is safe.
A steak on the counter has truly lived.
A steak by the dumpster's safety is questionable.
But you, but YOLO.
You know, uh, Sydney, uh, uh, my wife is a physician.
Oh, come on.
Every fucking, yeah, let's all fight wives.
Is that what you want to do?
Oh, it's a good old fashioned wife fight.
I want to tell this anecdote.
She, she, for one of her rotations, she did, uh, uh, health inspections.
She not, she did them.
She, she went along with people doing them.
And, uh, at one of our local restaurants of which I will inform both of you off the air.
Just say it now.
I'll cut it out.
Fuck me.
I love that restaurant.
No, literally a hundred times.
It's a, it's, it's a, it's a hot Mexican restaurant in our area.
She goes into the, that just narrowed it down to one restaurant in Huntington,
Virginia.
Uh, she goes into the back closed.
Yeah.
And there's, there's a, uh, no, it's not flapjack to Napa's the pancake Mexican restaurant.
That's a real thing in Huntington.
Stop by sometime.
I'll take you out.
Uh, we, uh, she, she looks in the back and the health inspector is talking to other people
there and they are stirring a giant pot of something with what appears to be a stick.
So they asked the person doing the stirring what that is.
And what they say is a stick and they say, is it, uh, something you've used for a long
time?
Is it so, you know, maybe assuming it's some sort of like seasoning or maybe it's a very
tightly bound bundle of sage.
That's something like that.
And they said, no, we found it in the alley.
You cannot fail your health inspector.
And also there's a dead guy over there.
He's been there for a while.
Why?
Pardon me.
Pardon me, chef.
Sous chef.
Why are you made of diapers?
Why am I talking to a bundle of diapers with a sharpied face on it?
Friends.
Thank you so much for spending another hour with us.
We certainly appreciate our, uh, our, uh, slightly under by the time we get to the end.
Yeah.
Let's just take a long time to do our chores.
Thank you for spending a union hour with us.
We hope, uh, we, we hope you had as much fun as we did.
Thank you to people tweeting.
We have the show like Sissy Puss, Feeny, uh, your good pal, Charlie, uh, Mike Lynn,
AZ, Jack Sparack, Jack Kaspisarek, uh, Brock Boland, Green Eyed Girl, Mr.
Jellyfish, Alonzo Duralde.
Um, if you want to see about the show, use the NBNBAM hashtag.
We also want to give a huge, massive thank you to, uh, operations, surprise drop and all of you
who donated to the package, the care package going out to our friend, Tristan Marine and his,
uh, buddies over there in Afghanistan.
I mean, I mean, you guys fucking blew it out of the water.
Oh my God.
They're getting a PlayStation three, a GameCube, uh, like 20 games, a bunch of
four different fucking Pokemon games.
These fools are going to have like half of all, I think it's 653 Pokemon at this point.
They are going to be good to go in X and Y come out and they are going to be,
they're going to have a fu- they're going to be fully stocked.
Uh, yeah, they're loaded.
Um, thank you to, uh, companies like Wizards of the Coast, Sega, Sony.
Now what's a Woojer of the Coast?
A Wizard, a Wizard of the Coast, Ubisoft, Activision, Naughty Dog.
Thanks to Richard who lives on the coast.
Uh, and we want to say thank you to just some of the donors who, uh, kicked in like, here we go.
Um, Rachel Borshish, Chad Harrington, James Braunwell, Scott Ackerman, uh, or Ackerman,
probably Scott Ackerman, Dimitri, Dimitri Portnoy, Jared Fulton, Will Gallego,
Davin Pavlis, Kenneth Underwood, Philip Prochaska, Brady Bird, Joe Rice, Scott Morse,
Jansen Truett, Julia Lawrence, James Hannan.
Thank you so much.
Richard Kostman.
Thank you for giving to, uh, to Tristan.
Um, I'm sure he and his buddies really appreciate it and, and we
appreciate all of you being so super generous.
Tristan, I need you to come home safe.
A, because, you know, you're doing the Lord's work over there and you're protecting us and
our freedoms and we, we love you for that.
But B, you are going to have some, some super rare Pokemon from Gen 4 that I am,
I am, have been negligent in capturing.
Um, basically this care package is estimated before it should be,
cost it being worth $3,000.
So you're all like-
So you're rich.
So you're all amazing for, for kicking in on that and you're, you're the best.
So thank you.
Um, can I, can I give a shout out?
Please.
I, this is, I know this is rare for me, but I want to thank John Roderick and the Long
Winters for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure.
Um, which you can hear on the album putting the days to bed.
I believe it's track nine or track 10.
It's close to the end of the album to close it down.
Um, fuck that album is so, so good.
Ugh.
Go buy that.
It's, it's so good that it makes me angry to listen to it.
You know, like why isn't all the music like this?
Uh, if you want to, uh, head over to the forums, talk about the show.
We sure appreciate that.
And while you're there listening to the rest of the max fun shows, they're all at maximumfun.org.
Like stop podcasting yourself.
One bad mother to judge John Hodgman.
Wham bang pow.
Uh, a hit medical podcast called Sawbones.
I do with my wife, Sydney, uh, who's a physician as you know.
God damn it.
Curator of the alley stick, uh, that I am assuming she, uh, uh, confiscated.
She's not going to shut that fucking.
I need that restaurant in my life.
I mean, I need it too.
This mystery restaurant that I won't tell anybody about.
And, uh, if, if you're in Huntington and you want to know, just,
as far, just so you know, I'm going to continue to eat there and have several times I heard this
story because, and we're going to continue to drop hints there.
You can get drunk there for like 350 and you can eat chimichangas the size of your forearm.
Anyway, and if you, uh, if you would like a message, uh, right up there along with, uh,
our sponsors, extreme restraints, then just go to maximumfun.org forward slash
Jumbotron and you can have a personal message or a business message.
Or if you have a company that would like to sponsor the show, then, then come on down.
Uh, next week's episode will be a little late cause Griffin will be touring, uh,
Germany, I believe it is.
Uh, it's Germany next week.
Yeah.
Germany next week.
Uh, and, and so we'll be a little late.
So we apologize in advance, but we'll still get right back with you.
Presumably with a very jet lag, Griffin, which should be, should be hysterical.
Uh, and, and thank you so much for listening to our program.
If you live in Germany and want to hang.
It's a, it's a super big country.
Um, so don't even, I would say probably don't bother.
I'm probably probably not going to put in the effort.
I'm just being honest.
It's a, it's a super big country and I'm like, don't understand any of the languages there.
Like, like regardless, Griffin, do you have a last question for everybody?
Yeah.
I have a final one that was sent in by Ryan Steiner.
Thank you, Ryan.
It's by Yahoo answers user Gisela Juarez, who asks.
Have fear to be touched for bald persons.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
This has been my brother and my brother and me, kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.